 
 
 
 
 
 
 Fable3mod: Modding Discussion » Activate saves, trade all weapons etc. 
 
 
 
 
	
	
	
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Forum Search: 
 
 
  
 
 

 
 
 Fable3mod 
 
 Discussions for modifying Fable 3 

 

 
 
 
 
 Members Search Help 
 Register 
 Login Home 
 

 
 Home  » Modding Forums  » Modding Discussion  » Activate saves, trade all weapons etc. (How can i activate downloaded saves and trade all weps?) 
 
 
 
 
 Show: 
 Today's Messages 
 :: Show Polls 
 :: Message Navigator 
 
 
 
 
   

 

 
 
 
 
 Activate saves, trade all weapons etc. 
 Tue, 03 December 2013 00:06 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 dawkun 
 Messages: 1 Registered: December 2013 Location: Poland
 
 
 Junior Member
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 Hello, here is my problem. 
 
I played earlier in normal version for PC (online with xlive account) 
then i reinstalled wind.7 and i forgot about fable for 1 year 
 
Now i've bought Fable3 + extras on STEAM so i downloaded and installed it and used key from Steam (acctivated 2times key for fable3??? how could i do it? , logged on that old xlive account and i have all achievements i've done before but i had to start playing from the begging... collecting all weapons, upgrades etc. again - it takes much time and i can't play so much (university). 
 
I downloaded a few saves (hoping for save with all legendary weapons) but i tried, tried and the save crashes again and again, is there any way to use those saves and transfer all legendary weapons? 
Or maybe some save editor and tutorial how to do it? 
 
Or maybe some magic way to have my 1st old save (with almost all weps max upgraded) but it's impossible i think, unless Microsoft saves everything on their HDD 
 
 
 Report message to a moderator 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 
   
   

 

 
 
 Previous Topic: 
 Blocked game? 

 
 Next Topic: 
 Help!! 

 

 Goto Forum: 
 
 
 
 
 - Public Forums   Announcements   General Discussion - Modding Forums   Modding Discussion   Mods   Tools   Formats 
   
 
 
 -=] Back to Top [=-

 [ Syndicate this forum (XML) ] [ ] [ ]

 Current Time: Wed Aug 05 18:03:51 PDT 2026 

 Total time taken to generate the page: 0.05622 seconds

 
 

 
 .:: 
 Contact 
 :: 
 Home 
 ::. 
 Powered by: FUDforum 3.0.9. Copyright ©2001-2018 FUDforum Bulletin Board Software 

 