 
 
 
 
 
 
 Fable3mod: Modding Discussion » Question about gamescripts.bnk 
 
 
 
 
	
	
	
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Forum Search: 
 
 
  
 
 

 
 
 Fable3mod 
 
 Discussions for modifying Fable 3 

 

 
 
 
 
 Members Search Help 
 Register 
 Login Home 
 

 
 Home  » Modding Forums  » Modding Discussion  » Question about gamescripts.bnk 
 
 
 
 
 Show: 
 Today's Messages 
 :: Show Polls 
 :: Message Navigator 
 
 
 
 
   

 

 
 
 
 
 Question about gamescripts.bnk 
 Wed, 19 February 2014 09:40 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 CubicMaestro 
 Messages: 1 Registered: February 2014 
 
 
 Junior Member
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 Hello everyone, 
 
I recently installed Fable 3 again only to see that my saves were gone Thanks GFWL for that. 
But since I wanted to still go at it again I decided to edit the files so that I got all the Legendary Weapons again in my sanctuary. 
After reading the helpful tutorial I still have one question left and that is that at the end of the tutorial the first note says that 
existing DLCs will overwrite all changes made to the original files. So I wanted to know if there are any DLC specific files that I can change to correct this little problem 
 
 
 Report message to a moderator 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 Re: Question about gamescripts.bnk 
 Wed, 19 February 2014 12:39 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 Keshire 
 Messages: 137 Registered: August 2013 
 
 
 Senior Member
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 CubicMaestro wrote on Wed, 19 February 2014 09:40 Hello everyone, 
 
I recently installed Fable 3 again only to see that my saves were gone Thanks GFWL for that. 
But since I wanted to still go at it again I decided to edit the files so that I got all the Legendary Weapons again in my sanctuary. 
After reading the helpful tutorial I still have one question left and that is that at the end of the tutorial the first note says that 
existing DLCs will overwrite all changes made to the original files. So I wanted to know if there are any DLC specific files that I can change to correct this little problem 
 
The DLC's modify some of the base files. That's why they overwrite them. If you are looking to change a specific file, check the traitor's keep banks first, then the undertown banks. 
 
If you're using the xlive remover, you can set the config to UseDLC=2 to have multiple folders for mods. So anything you modify you can create a new bank for and throw it into data/mod10 or something to load it last. 
 
 
 Report message to a moderator 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 
   
   

 

 
 
 Previous Topic: 
 Remove Blood Mod? 

 
 Next Topic: 
 Game crashes after following script activation 

 

 Goto Forum: 
 
 
 
 
 - Public Forums   Announcements   General Discussion - Modding Forums   Modding Discussion   Mods   Tools   Formats 
   
 
 
 -=] Back to Top [=-

 [ Syndicate this forum (XML) ] [ ] [ ]

 Current Time: Wed Aug 05 18:03:56 PDT 2026 

 Total time taken to generate the page: 0.05682 seconds

 
 

 
 .:: 
 Contact 
 :: 
 Home 
 ::. 
 Powered by: FUDforum 3.0.9. Copyright ©2001-2018 FUDforum Bulletin Board Software 

 