 
 
 
 
 
 
 Fable3mod: Modding Discussion » How to Access DLCs? 
 
 
 
 
	
	
	
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Forum Search: 
 
 
  
 
 

 
 
 Fable3mod 
 
 Discussions for modifying Fable 3 

 

 
 
 
 
 Members Search Help 
 Register 
 Login Home 
 

 
 Home  » Modding Forums  » Modding Discussion  » How to Access DLCs? 
 
 
 
 
 Show: 
 Today's Messages 
 :: Show Polls 
 :: Message Navigator 
 
 
 
 
   

 

 
 
 
 
 How to Access DLCs? 
 Sun, 01 May 2016 20:08 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 SpireWolves 
 Messages: 1 Registered: May 2016 
 
 
 Junior Member
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 My apologies if this is in the wrong section, but I am having some issues getting Fable 3's DLC working. 
 
First off, I downloaded the game through questionable means, as Lionhead has closed and there are no other legitimate methods to acquire the game or the DLCs. I installed it via the Cracked Skidrow + DLC method. I have all the DLCs in my content folder. But they simply will not activate in-game nor show up in the Sanctuary shop. 
 
Hunter's Lodge appears ingame, so SOME of the DLC is working, but I want all the little stuff like the dog potions and free weapons as well. 
 
I have done some light reading on the subject here and there for around a day and a half, but I'm not trying to become a goddamn master modder just to activate some DLC for one game, so all I ask is this: What am I doing wrong? 
 
 
 Report message to a moderator 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 
   
   

 

 
 
 Previous Topic: 
 Newbie in Need for DLC 

 
 Next Topic: 
 Something simple 

 

 Goto Forum: 
 
 
 
 
 - Public Forums   Announcements   General Discussion - Modding Forums   Modding Discussion   Mods   Tools   Formats 
   
 
 
 -=] Back to Top [=-

 [ Syndicate this forum (XML) ] [ ] [ ]

 Current Time: Wed Aug 05 18:04:32 PDT 2026 

 Total time taken to generate the page: 0.19884 seconds

 
 

 
 .:: 
 Contact 
 :: 
 Home 
 ::. 
 Powered by: FUDforum 3.0.9. Copyright ©2001-2018 FUDforum Bulletin Board Software 

 