 
 
 
 
 
 
 Fable3mod: Modding Discussion » Extracting strings from the game 
 
 
 
 
	
	
	
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Forum Search: 
 
 
  
 
 

 
 
 Fable3mod 
 
 Discussions for modifying Fable 3 

 

 
 
 
 
 Members Search Help 
 Register 
 Login Home 
 

 
 Home  » Modding Forums  » Modding Discussion  » Extracting strings from the game (means of outputting text from the game) 
 
 
 
 
 Show: 
 Today's Messages 
 :: Show Polls 
 :: Message Navigator 
 
 
 
 
   

 

 
 
 
 
 Extracting strings from the game 
 Thu, 21 May 2015 17:47 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 haxorsystem 
 Messages: 1 Registered: May 2015 
 
 
 Junior Member
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 I'm not sure if anyone is still interested in this, but I use this way to dump strings out of the game using lua. This method doesn't require any complex skill to achieve a reasonable result. 
All you need to know is: 
1) How to run a lua script inside the game (I assume everyone here does) 
2) Have Cheat Engine installed (Or any other means of accesing a heap of another running program) 
3) Be able to parse a string (that's optional but recommended) 
 
The thought is to make a long string containing everything you want to dump and a marker/debug symbol. You need the marker to find your string on the heap. Use the Cheat Engine or whatever you prefer, scan for your marker and extract the memory region where the string is saved. Then you can just parse it in a form of your choice. 
 
Example: 
 
local dump = ":"

-- Creating desired string
for key,value in pairs( GUI ) do
	dump = dump .. ( tostring( key ) .. "()\r\n" )
end

-- Adding primitive text marker to the beginning
dump = "ThisIsMyMarker" .. dump

-- Use some blocking call here to stay in the script so you can be sure GC will not free your string and something else will rewrite it.
-- There is a low probability of that happening though if you ALT-TAB and you won't be doing anything in the game.

-- And some indication the string is ready.
GUI.DisplayMessageBox( "Done" )
 
 
 
 https://imgur.com/a/h5RmN 
 
 
 
 
 
I checked out to not include the Cheat engine header and i already had braces and newlines from the lua script so i didn't even need any parsing. I only renamed it to GUI.txt 
 
I was thinking redirecting the stdout of the process could be a more elegant way to do this, because print( is still doing something, I'm just not sure what, but a simple 1>OUT.txt wasn't enough. 
 
Feel free to share your solutions. 
 
 
 
 Attachment: GUI.txt 
 
 (Size: 6.95KB, Downloaded 2485 times) 
 
 
 
 [Updated on: Sun, 24 May 2015 07:20]
 Report message to a moderator 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 
   
   

 

 
 
 Previous Topic: 
 Fable III DLC & XLive Emulator Configuration 

 
 Next Topic: 
 Stop my game settings from being lost 

 

 Goto Forum: 
 
 
 
 
 - Public Forums   Announcements   General Discussion - Modding Forums   Modding Discussion   Mods   Tools   Formats 
   
 
 
 -=] Back to Top [=-

 [ Syndicate this forum (XML) ] [ ] [ ]

 Current Time: Wed Aug 05 18:04:20 PDT 2026 

 Total time taken to generate the page: 0.05024 seconds

 
 

 
 .:: 
 Contact 
 :: 
 Home 
 ::. 
 Powered by: FUDforum 3.0.9. Copyright ©2001-2018 FUDforum Bulletin Board Software 

 