 
 
 
 
 
 
 Fable3mod: Modding Discussion » How to morph Hero Weapons via scripts? 
 
 
 
 
	
	
	
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Forum Search: 
 
 
  
 
 

 
 
 Fable3mod 
 
 Discussions for modifying Fable 3 

 

 
 
 
 
 Members Search Help 
 Register 
 Login Home 
 

 
 Home  » Modding Forums  » Modding Discussion  » How to morph Hero Weapons via scripts? 
 
 
 
 
 Show: 
 Today's Messages 
 :: Show Polls 
 :: Message Navigator 
 
 
 
 
   

 

 
 
 
 
 How to morph Hero Weapons via scripts? 
 Tue, 16 August 2022 08:08 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 WinniDex 
 Messages: 2 Registered: August 2022 
 
 
 Junior Member
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 Hello everyone, 
 
I know I'm very late to the party, but I still play Fable 3 occasionally. 
I really like the game, but every playthrough it bothers me, that you can't have the same body type for all four Hero Weapons. 
 
I've already experimented with the script injector and the debug commands on the Hero Weapons. 
It worked, but broke the weapons texts and the weapon room. The Hero Weapons were transformed into normal weapons with a placeholder name and blank augmentation slots. 
 
 So my question is, if there is any way to choose the weapon morphs for all my Hero Weapons, so that they have the same design, without breaking them. 
I've also looked at the Save Editor but couldn't find the weapons there. Also I don't know how to properly use the editor because I couldn't find a documentation. 
 
I hope someone sees this and can help me. Thanks in advance! 
 
 
 
 Report message to a moderator 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 Re: How to morph Hero Weapons via scripts? 
 Mon, 06 March 2023 06:02 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 CatchLightning 
 Messages: 47 Registered: March 2021 Location: Southern United States
 
 
 Member
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 https://github.com/CatchLightning/How-to-edit-Fable-3 
 
My github has the info on how to mod the game. Scripts are a bit past me but one can adjust non hero weapons to be whatever one likes. I can help walk you through it too. 
 
 My name not Jeff 
My mod: https://www.nexusmods.com/fableIII/mods/4 
 
My github for modding instructions: https://github.com/CatchLightning 

 Report message to a moderator 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 
   
   

 

 
 
 Previous Topic: 
 Fable 3 DLCs 

 
 Next Topic: 
 So I made a body morph mod 

 

 Goto Forum: 
 
 
 
 
 - Public Forums   Announcements   General Discussion - Modding Forums   Modding Discussion   Mods   Tools   Formats 
   
 
 
 -=] Back to Top [=-

 [ Syndicate this forum (XML) ] [ ] [ ]

 Current Time: Wed Aug 05 18:05:20 PDT 2026 

 Total time taken to generate the page: 0.10361 seconds

 
 

 
 .:: 
 Contact 
 :: 
 Home 
 ::. 
 Powered by: FUDforum 3.0.9. Copyright ©2001-2018 FUDforum Bulletin Board Software 

 