 
 
 
 
 
 
 Fable3mod: Announcements » Forum Rules 
 
 
 
 
	
	
	
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Forum Search: 
 
 
  
 
 

 
 
 Fable3mod 
 
 Discussions for modifying Fable 3 

 

 
 
 
 
 Members Search Help 
 Register 
 Login Home 
 

 
 Home  » Public Forums  » Announcements  » Forum Rules (Rules for using the forums) 
 
 
 
 
 Show: 
 Today's Messages 
 :: Show Polls 
 :: Message Navigator 
 
 
 
 
   

 

 
 
 
 
 Forum Rules 
 Mon, 05 August 2013 21:32 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 Pe_Ell 
 Messages: 2 Registered: August 2013 
 
 
 Junior Member Administrator Personal Jesus
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 Rules for posting on this site. 
 
Follow them or have your posting rights removed or be banned. 
 
 If a topic makes no sense to you, do not ask broad questions about it. We have a lot of developer posts that will make no sense to someone who doesn't know how to program or has not taken the time to explore the game files. 
 All modifications we release for the xbox will require a modified xbox. Ask for instruction and then tell us you don't have one will result in banning/deletion of all posts for failure to read instructions. THERE WILL BE NO SAVES ON THIS SITE SO DO NOT REQUEST THEM . 
 We do not endorse pirating. Suggesting or asking for such will get you banned. If you like a game BUY IT . People worked hard to make something to entertain you, it's the least you can do. If you are caught without one of these you will be banned. 
 Posting of original game files is strictly prohibited. If you have code to share post just the code you have made. Only attach files if you have created an application or something similar that requires the attachment. If you made many changes to a file but did not change ALL of it then post a PPF or something similar to avoid posting any original code at all. Do not link to original files either. Either way it's just the same as posting them here. 
 Harassing admins/moderators through PM/Email because of your own inability to work things out with other people in the forums will result in loss of PM an removal of ability to post. 
 Harassing admins/moderators through PM/Email because of your own inability to read posts and stickies in the forums with any compitence will result in loss of PM an removal of ability to post. 
 Harassing or just flooding a topic/person because you are too lazy to use search will get your posting rights removed. Search exists for a reason and we won't deal with people that constantly ask for things that are easy to find with search. 
 Public bashing of other members will get your posts removed. If it is done repeatedly you will get your account banned. 
 Posting a reply to merely say you don't know or you also want to know something is a waste of space and all of our collective time (assuming you weren't asked directly, but if you were it probably should have been done in PM). Repeated offenders will get their posting rights removed. 
 Do not cross post questions/requests in forums. Pick the appropriate forum and post it there. People read in all of the forums and don't need to see the extra spam. 
 Everything on this site is provided AS IS. If you use a tool that someone wrote here and it crashes your computer, we don't care. The programmer should be informed with as much information as you can provide in order to prevent that from happening again though. 
 Being an open forum, try to contribute to it. As in by helping crack file formats or developing new tools or game modifications. Leeches are never appreciated. Especially when they are ungrateful for the work that other people put into doing something for them. Being ungrateful is a very quick path to being banned. 
 Lack of acting like a mature person or inability to type in proper English or something close to it will not be tolerated (i.e. l33t,ALL CAPS, or IM shorthand). 
 
If you have a problem with these rules, don't come here. 
 
Failure to not read the stickies on forums (like this one) is not an excuse. The site rules are linked to on the registration page, the top of every page and the bottom of every page. Failure to read this post is also not an excuse. 
 
 
 Don't bite the hand that feeds you since this is the hand that will beat you. ( Theme Song ) 
 
Read the site rules or suffer my wrath.

 Report message to a moderator 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 
   
   

 

 Goto Forum: 
 
 
 
 
 - Public Forums   Announcements   General Discussion - Modding Forums   Modding Discussion   Mods   Tools   Formats 
   
 
 
 -=] Back to Top [=-

 [ Syndicate this forum (XML) ] [ ] [ ]

 Current Time: Wed Aug 05 18:03:14 PDT 2026 

 Total time taken to generate the page: 0.05206 seconds

 
 

 
 .:: 
 Contact 
 :: 
 Home 
 ::. 
 Powered by: FUDforum 3.0.9. Copyright ©2001-2018 FUDforum Bulletin Board Software 

 