 
 
 
 
 
 
 Fable3mod: Modding Discussion » Are trophy mods possible/already created? 
 
 
 
 
	
	
	
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Forum Search: 
 
 
  
 
 

 
 
 Fable3mod 
 
 Discussions for modifying Fable 3 

 

 
 
 
 
 Members Search Help 
 Register 
 Login Home 
 

 
 Home  » Modding Forums  » Modding Discussion  » Are trophy mods possible/already created? (I'm referring primarily to the Desert Star and White Balverine) 
 
 
 
 
 Show: 
 Today's Messages 
 :: Show Polls 
 :: Message Navigator 
 
 
 
 
   

 

 
 
 
 
 Are trophy mods possible/already created? 
 Tue, 26 July 2022 06:23 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 ZacDMT 
 Messages: 1 Registered: July 2022 
 
 
 Junior Member
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 Hello all, I'm a brand new user, clearly. I've always wanted there to be an option to keep the Desert Star and White Balverine Statue as trophies instead of being forced to cash them in one of two ways. I don't suppose that already exists, so how hard would something like that be? 
I might as well say, too, my ideal version of a mod for this would be filling in the two empty trophy slots already present in the files, but with a slight tweak. I would rather replace the Balverine head with the statue altogether, changing the quest that rewards that item accordingly as well, and replacing the supposed missing Logan's Crown with the Desert Star. As for the final empty slot, the supposed missing Shadelight Book would be preferred, but I'm sure there are other trinkets in the game a clever modder might find more appropriate or interesting to fill that gap. I'm just not crazy about the idea of still having the Balverine head if I later managed to get the coveted statue, but, still, I'd be quite happy just having the two empty slots filled as well. 
 
 
 [Updated on: Tue, 26 July 2022 06:36]
 Report message to a moderator 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 
   
   

 

 
 
 Previous Topic: 
 armor modding? 

 
 Next Topic: 
 black tattoos 

 

 Goto Forum: 
 
 
 
 
 - Public Forums   Announcements   General Discussion - Modding Forums   Modding Discussion   Mods   Tools   Formats 
   
 
 
 -=] Back to Top [=-

 [ Syndicate this forum (XML) ] [ ] [ ]

 Current Time: Wed Aug 05 18:05:17 PDT 2026 

 Total time taken to generate the page: 0.05487 seconds

 
 

 
 .:: 
 Contact 
 :: 
 Home 
 ::. 
 Powered by: FUDforum 3.0.9. Copyright ©2001-2018 FUDforum Bulletin Board Software 

 