 
 
 
 
 
 
 Fable3mod: Modding Discussion » Fable 3, PC mods, how to add new custom weapons please ? 
 
 
 
 
	
	
	
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Forum Search: 
 
 
  
 
 

 
 
 Fable3mod 
 
 Discussions for modifying Fable 3 

 

 
 
 
 
 Members Search Help 
 Register 
 Login Home 
 

 
 Home  » Modding Forums  » Modding Discussion  » Fable 3, PC mods, how to add new custom weapons please ? (Custom Weapons) 
 
 
 
 
 Show: 
 Today's Messages 
 :: Show Polls 
 :: Message Navigator 
 
 
 
 
   

 

 
 
 
 
    Fable 3, PC mods, how to add new custom weapons please ? 
 Tue, 16 December 2025 05:42 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 Translucidia 
 Messages: 7 Registered: July 2022 
 
 
 Junior Member
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 Hello everyone, 
 
I'm looking to add a new custom weapon in Fable 3 on PC, without replacing the existing weapons. I already have a 3D model ready, and I'd like to know how to add it into the game so it appears in my inventory, in the armory. 
 
When I say "new weapon," just copy existing weapons and adding my model to my new sword is enough! Could someone help me? It's a small dream I've never managed to achieve, and it would be so cool! Thank you! 
 
OR MAYBE? If I have two copies of the same weapon in my inventory and I want to change the model of just one of them without affecting the other, maybe that's possible, and it would be simpler and faster? 
 
Could someone guide me with a step-by-step tutorial or some tips for adding a new sword to get started? Thank you! 
 
I have Discord. 
 
Is it possible ? 
 
 
 Report message to a moderator 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 
   
   

 

 
 
 Previous Topic: 
 Modify Your Avianca Airlines Flight Date Fast with Expert Phone Support 

 
 Next Topic: 
 Fable 3, Equip weapons not in game ? 

 

 Goto Forum: 
 
 
 
 
 - Public Forums   Announcements   General Discussion - Modding Forums   Modding Discussion   Mods   Tools   Formats 
   
 
 
 -=] Back to Top [=-

 [ Syndicate this forum (XML) ] [ ] [ ]

 Current Time: Wed Aug 05 18:05:27 PDT 2026 

 Total time taken to generate the page: 0.05363 seconds

 
 

 
 .:: 
 Contact 
 :: 
 Home 
 ::. 
 Powered by: FUDforum 3.0.9. Copyright ©2001-2018 FUDforum Bulletin Board Software 

 